finished codepen url: https://codepen.io/JasonTVann/pen/JjWMVqp?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HMTL using elements with meaning.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hypertext Markup Language.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide addtional information about HTML elements. You place them inside of
    the HTML element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is one of six heading tags. It is the largest. It should only be used one
    time per page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    "img tag" and "a tag"

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    You should put the title in the head tag.

    7. What is an id? 
    id is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Section tags to allow for navigation of the page.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can use an id only one time per page.

    10. What is a class? 
    The class attribute is used to specify a class for an HTML element (styling). Multiple
    HTML elements can share the same class.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Divs and sections, etc.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Multiple times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target attribute: target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Provides alternative information for an image if the user cannot view it - accessibility.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    Use the "#".

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    A section is a semantic tag that divides up the HTML into logical sections. A div is
    use to "contain" content for styling.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style Sheets is used as a mechanism for adding style to web documents.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
        properity: value;
    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id can only be used once (ex: sections with ids used for navigation). A class can be
    used multiple times for styling (ex: divs with class to add color to text).

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Use the "."

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human{

    }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Ex: div > p (When you want to select the first <p> element that is placed immediately 
    after <div> elements).

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar{

    }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element like - style and
    element when a yser mouses over it.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Use the line-height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    Use the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase;
    text-transform: lowercase;
    text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    Use the "*"

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
rm filename.extension. Careful because this can not be undone - especially careful when 
using rm -r.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    If I want to track and manage code changes.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Very often. A good commit point would be after completing a significant chunck of code.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    GitHub: Fork
    GitHub: Clone and copy url
    Git: git clone url
    Git: cd into repo
    Git: git checkout -b branch-name
    Git: code . (make code changes)
    Git: git add .
    Git: git commit -m "meaningful message"
    Git: git push -u origin branch-name
    GitHub: Pull Request
    GitHub: Change base repo to my branch
    GitHub: Create pull Request
    GitHub: Copy url and paste in canvas


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



